Update README (#788)
GSA/px-benefit-finder: README.md

The versioning scheme adheres to Semantic Versioning (SemVer). Versions are of the form MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH:

> We are currently in the beta stage. An example of our release tag is `v0.1.2.beta.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently in the beta stage. An example of our release tag is [![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/GSA/px-benefit-finder?label=latest%20release)](https://github.com/GSA/px-benefit-finder/releases/latest).
```

Reviewer: I wonder if we can dynamically populate a shield here?
